SKA-18: Add PR template (#9)
rohan-sahgal/sky-alert: pull_request_template.md

# Description

> Please include a summary of the changes and the related Jira issue. Please also include relevant motivation and context. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--[SKA-]() -->

Please include a summary of the changes and a link to the related Jira above. Please also include relevant motivation and context. 

```
